#summary Building Boghe v2.x (Windows Desktop)
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

<wiki:toc max_depth="4" />
This wiki page is for Windows Desktop (XP, Vista, 7 and 8).

To build the source code you need Visual Studio 2008 or later with the .NET Framework 3.5 *SP1*.<br />
Please note that Boghe v2.x requires [http://code.google.com/p/doubango/ Doubango v2.x] <br />

== Supported systems ==
 * Windows XP SP3 with .NET Framework 3.5 *SP1*
 * Windows Vista
 * Windows 7

== Thirdparties ==
 * [https://www.google.fr/search?q=windows+sdk&rlz=1C1CHFX_frFR519FR519&oq=windows+sdk&aqs=chrome.0.57j0l3j62l2.2531j0&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8 Platform/Windows SDK]: Depends on your system.
 * Microsoft DirectX SDK (Not needed if you're using [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/hh852363.aspx Windows SDK 8]): http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?FamilyID=c72d9f1e-53f3-4747-8490-6801d8e8b4ef
After the installation you should add both the *lib* and *include* folders to the visual studio search paths like this:
 * Open "Tools -> Options -> Projects and Solutions -> VC++ Directories -> Include Files" and add *$(WindowsSdkDir)\include* and *$(DXSDK_DIR)include*
 * Open "Tools -> Options -> Projects and Solutions -> VC++ Directories -> Library Files" and add *$(WindowsSdkDir)\lib* and *$(DXSDK_DIR)lib\x86*
Please note that for old Platform SDK the varenv name is *PSDK_DIR* instead of *WindowsSdkDir*. <br />
It's highly recommended to restart your PC after DirectX SDK installation.

== Building the source code ==
 * Create new directory named *myboghe*
{{{
mkdir myboghe
cd myboghe
}}}
 * Checkout doubango source code into *myboghe*. Important: The destination directory MUST be called *doubango*
{{{
svn checkout http://doubango.googlecode.com/svn doubango
}}}
 * Checkout Boghe source code into *myboghe*
{{{
svn checkout http://boghe.googlecode.com/svn boghe
}}}

<br />
To open & build all projects, open *myboghe\boghe\branches\2.0\boghe\boghe-win32.sln*

===Building standalone plugins (DLLs)===
All standalone plugins are optional and provide different features. You should deploy them all regardless the target OS and let the loader choose the best ones. For example, both *pluginWinMF* and *pluginDirectShow* will be included in the installer and the loaded will choose the first one for Win7/Win8 and the second for XP/Vista.
<table border="1" width=100%>
<tr>
<td>*Name*</td>
<td>*Features*</td>
<td>*Requires*</td>
<td>*MinOS*</td>
<td>*Comment*</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>pluginWinMF</td>
<td>
 * Video Consumer (video display)
 * Video Producer (camera access)
 * [http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/architecture-and-technology/quick-sync-video/quick-sync-video-general.html Intel Quick Sync] H.264 encoder and decoder
 * Microsoft H.264 encoder and decoder
 * Video Converter (Chroma conversion, re-sizer, framerate adapter...)
</td>
<td>
 * [http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=3138 Windows SDK 7.0] or later.
</td>
<td>Win7</td>
<td>
 * No need for Intel Quick Sync SDK because we only use the Media Foundation Transform.
 * Intel Quick Sync will only be used on PCs with Intel GPU and up to date drivers.
 * This plugin has higher priority than FFmpeg H.264 implementation.
 * Intel Quick Sync H.264 implementation has higher priority than MS impl.
 * To have support for Video you'll need at least this plugin or *pluginDirectShow*.
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>pluginDirectShow</td>
<td>
 * Video Consumer (video display)
 * Video Producer (camera access)
</td>
<td>
 * Windows SDK 5.0 or later.
</td>
<td>XP</td>
<td>
 * To have support for Video you'll need at least this plugin or *pluginWinMF*.
</td>
<tr>

<tr>
<td>
pluginCUDA
</td>
<td>
 * NVIDIA H.264 GPU accelerated codec
</td>
<td>
 * [https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads NVIDIA GPU Computing Toolkit]
</td>
<td>XP</td>
<td>
 * This plugin has higher priority than *pluginWinMF* and FFmpeg H.264 implementations.
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>pluginWASAPI</td>
<td>
 * Audio consumer (speaker playback)
 * Audio Producer (microphone recorder)
</td>
<td>
 * Windows SDK 6.0 or later.
</td>
<td>Vista</td>
<td>
 * The application has two built-in audio back-ends: DirectSound and WaveAPI. WASAPI is another back-end with very low audio latency (less than 3ms).
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>pluginAudioDSP</td>
<td>
 * Microsoft Audio Resampler DSP
 * Microsoft Voice capture DSP (AEC, AGC, VAD, Noise suppression...)
</td>
<td>
 * Windows SDK 6.0 or later.
</td>
<td>Vista</td>
<td>
 * The application has two built-in audio resamplers and capture DSP: SpeexDSP and WebRTC. *pluginAudioDSP* offers highly optimized back-ends from Windows OS.
</td>

<table>

=== Building commercial version ===
To disable GPL code:
If you are license owner then, you can build a non-GPL version of Doubango and Boghe by disabling GPL code.

 * From Visual Studio, right click on *tinyDAV* project and select *Properties* -> *C/C++* -> *Preprocessor* -> *Preprocessor Definitions*.
  # Disable *x264* by adding (or changing) *HAVE_H264* value to zero.
{{{
 HAVE_H264=0
}}}
  # Disable G.729 codec if you don't have license by setting *HAVE_G729* value to zero. 
{{{
HAVE_G729=0
}}}
  # Disable AMR codec if you don't have license by setting *HAVE_OPENCORE_AMR* value to zero. 
{{{
HAVE_OPENCORE_AMR=0
}}}

 * From Visual Studio, right click on *tinyDAV* project and select *Properties* -> *Linker* -> *Input* -> *Additional Dependencies*.
  # Link to LGPL version of FFmpeg by replacing *libavcodec.a*, *libavutil.a*, *libswscale.a* and *libavcore.a* with *libavcodec-lgpl.a*, *libavutil-lgpl.a*, *libswscale-lgpl.a* and *libavcore-lgpl.a* respectively.
  # Remove *libx264.a* from the list.

==Technical help==
Please check our [http://code.google.com/p/webrtc2sip/issues/list issue tracker] or [https://groups.google.com/group/doubango developer group] if you have any problem.

For more information about third-parties libraries, please visit [http://code.google.com/p/doubango/wiki/Licensing this page].