#summary Extra features
#labels Featured,Phase-Support

This application contains all features supported by [https://code.google.com/p/doubango/ Doubango framework] with some extra features provided through standalone plugins.

<table border="1" width=100%>
<tr>
<td>*Name*</td>
<td>*Features*</td>
<td>*MinOS*</td>
<td>*Comment*</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>pluginWinMF</td>
<td>
 * Video Consumer (video display)
 * Video Producer (camera access)
 * [http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/architecture-and-technology/quick-sync-video/quick-sync-video-general.html Intel Quick Sync] H.264 encoder and decoder
 * Microsoft H.264 encoder and decoder
 * Video Converter (Chroma conversion, re-sizer, framerate adapter...)
</td>
<td>Win7</td>
<td>
 * Intel Quick Sync will only be used on PCs with Intel GPU and up to date drivers.
 * This plugin has higher priority than FFmpeg H.264 implementation.
 * Intel Quick Sync H.264 implementation has higher priority than MS impl.
 * To have support for Video you'll need at least this plugin or *pluginDirectShow*.
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>pluginDirectShow</td>
<td>
 * Video Consumer (video display)
 * Video Producer (camera access)
</td>
<td>XP</td>
<td>
 * To have support for Video you'll need at least this plugin or *pluginWinMF*.
</td>
<tr>

<tr>
<td>
pluginCUDA
</td>
<td>
 * NVIDIA H.264 GPU accelerated codec
</td>
<td>XP</td>
<td>
 * This plugin has higher priority than *pluginWinMF* and FFmpeg H.264 implementations.
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>pluginWASAPI</td>
<td>
 * Audio consumer (speaker playback)
 * Audio Producer (microphone recorder)
</td>
<td>Vista</td>
<td>
 * The application has two built-in audio back-ends: DirectSound and WaveAPI. WASAPI is another back-end with very low audio latency (less than 3ms).
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>pluginAudioDSP</td>
<td>
 * Microsoft Audio Resampler
 * Microsoft Voice capture DSP (AEC, AGC, VAD, Noise suppression...)
</td>
<td>Vista</td>
<td>
 * The application has two built-in audio resamplers and capture DSP: SpeexDSP and WebRTC. *pluginAudioDSP* offers highly optimized back-ends from Windows OS.
</td>

<table>